Replacing help.probely.com links (#1360)
snyk/user-docs: snyk-data-and-governance/snyk-terms-of-support-and-services-glossary/snyk-jumpstart-services-description.md

#### Web Target configuration, including authenticated scans

> The Snyk Consultant will work with the Customer to configure [Web Targets](../../scan-fix-and-prevent/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/configure-targets/configure-web-targets/README.md) (up to three web applications) to be scanned by Snyk API & Web. This includes configuring the authentication for each Target where necessary, such as using a login form or recorded login sequence. Snyk will also help to set up a single navigation sequence for each web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Snyk Consultant will work with the Customer to configure [Web Targets](https://app.gitbook.com/s/BJO0IZx7zB6bOkotxQP2/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/configure-targets/configure-web-targets (up to three web applications) to be scanned by Snyk API & Web. This includes configuring the authentication for each Target where necessary, such as using a login form or recorded login sequence. Snyk will also help to set up a single navigation sequence for each web application.
```

#### API Target configuration

> The Snyk Consultant will work with the Customer to [configure API collections](../../scan-fix-and-prevent/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/configure-targets/configure-api-targets/README.md) (maximum of one collection) to be scanned by Snyk API & Web, using a Postman Collection or OpenAPI definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Snyk Consultant will work with the Customer to [configure API collections](https://app.gitbook.com/s/BJO0IZx7zB6bOkotxQP2/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/configure-targets/configure-api-targets) (maximum of one collection) to be scanned by Snyk API & Web, using a Postman Collection or OpenAPI definition.
```

#### Domain Ownership Verification

> The Snyk Consultant will work with the Customer to complete [Domain Ownership Verification](../../scan-fix-and-prevent/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/configure-targets/verify-domain-ownership/README.md) for one domain. This can be achieved by a .txt file, a TXT record, a CNAME record, or a meta tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Snyk Consultant will work with the Customer to complete [Domain Ownership Verification](.[./../scan-fix-and-prevent/](https://app.gitbook.com/s/BJO0IZx7zB6bOkotxQP2/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/configure-targets/verify-domain-ownership) for one domain. This can be achieved by a .txt file, a TXT record, a CNAME record, or a meta tag.
```

#### Scanning Agent configuration

> The Snyk Consultant will work with the Customer to configure the [Scanning Agent](../../scan-fix-and-prevent/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/start-scanning/overview-scanning-agent/README.md) using Docker, Docker-Compose, or Kubernetes. This is required only if there are Targets to be scanned that are not internet-accessible, and there is a maximum of one agent to be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Snyk Consultant will work with the Customer to configure the [Scanning Agent](https://app.gitbook.com/s/BJO0IZx7zB6bOkotxQP2/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/start-scanning/overview-scanning-agent) using Docker, Docker-Compose, or Kubernetes. This is required only if there are Targets to be scanned that are not internet-accessible, and there is a maximum of one agent to be configured.
```

#### Review of Target Scan Results

> The Snyk Consultant will educate the Customer on understanding [DAST scan results](../../scan-fix-and-prevent/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/review-and-fix/README.md) for Web and API Targets in the Snyk API & Web UI, including the different reporting functionality that is available in the tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Snyk Consultant will educate the Customer on understanding [DAST scan results](https://app.gitbook.com/s/BJO0IZx7zB6bOkotxQP2/scan-with-snyk/snyk-api-web/review-and-fix) for Web and API Targets in the Snyk API & Web UI, including the different reporting functionality that is available in the tool.
```
